docs/how-to-verify/abn.md, before:

---
id: abn-verification
title: How to verify Australia Business Number?
keywords: [Verify ABN, Australia, find ABN, Check ABN]
sidebar_label: Australia Business Number
description: Find out how to verify Australia Business Number. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free validation of Australia Business Number in Austalia.
tags : 
  - Australia
  - ABN
---

## ABN search on Austrailian Business Register

You can check the validity of an ABN from the Austrailian Business Register Website for free. You can access the ABN lookup service [here](https://abr.business.gov.au/). Using this tool you can search for a company by ABN, ACN or name. Advanced search options are available [here](https://abr.business.gov.au/Search/Advanced)

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/abn-lookup.PNG" alt="ABN lookup" title="ABN lookup"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">ABN lookup</td></tr>
</table>

Example : 49160299865

The search returns the following details 
* Entity name
* ABN status
* Entity type
* Registration status for Goods & Services Tax (GST)
* Main business location


<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/abn-details.PNG" alt="ABN verification status" title="ABN verification status"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">ABN verification status</td></tr>
</table>



## How to verify format of ABN? 

Australia Business Number consists of 11 digits

| Regex expressions                  | Description                                                |
| ----------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------- |
| `\b\d{2}\.\d{3}\.\d{3}\.\d{3}\b`   | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN.NNN.NNN.NNN delimited by dot. |
| `\b\d{2}-\d{3}-\d{3}-\d{3}\b`       | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN-NNN-NNN-NNN delimited by hyphen. |
| `\b\d{2} \d{3} \d{3} \d{3}\b`      | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN NNN NNN NNN delimited by space. |
| `\b\d{11}\b`                        | Matches a 11-digit number without a delimiter.              |




----
**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you in VAT validation?**

**Lookuptax VAT validation** revolutionizes VAT number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify VAT numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.

Commit message:

Refactor AlsoAvailable usage and update translations
Standardized the <AlsoAvailable> component usage across documentation by removing hardcoded hrefs and adding language props where appropriate. Updated and expanded Spanish translations for EIN, NIF, and VAT EU guides, and improved formatting and consistency in multiple 'how-to-verify' guides. Also removed a navigation item from docusaurus.config.js.

docs/how-to-verify/abn.md, after:

---
id: abn-verification
title: How to verify Australia Business Number?
keywords: [Verify ABN, Australia, find ABN, Check ABN]
sidebar_label: Australia Business Number
description: Find out how to verify Australia Business Number. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free validation of Australia Business Number in Austalia.
tags:
  - Australia
  - ABN
---

import AlsoAvailable from "@site/src/components/AlsoAvailable";

<AlsoAvailable lang="zh-Hans" />

## ABN search on Austrailian Business Register

You can check the validity of an ABN from the Austrailian Business Register Website for free. You can access the ABN lookup service [here](https://abr.business.gov.au/). Using this tool you can search for a company by ABN, ACN or name. Advanced search options are available [here](https://abr.business.gov.au/Search/Advanced)

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/abn-lookup.PNG" alt="ABN lookup" title="ABN lookup"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">ABN lookup</td></tr>
</table>

Example : 49160299865

The search returns the following details

- Entity name
- ABN status
- Entity type
- Registration status for Goods & Services Tax (GST)
- Main business location

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/abn-details.PNG" alt="ABN verification status" title="ABN verification status"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">ABN verification status</td></tr>
</table>

## How to verify format of ABN?

Australia Business Number consists of 11 digits

| Regex expressions                | Description                                                                 |
| -------------------------------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `\b\d{2}\.\d{3}\.\d{3}\.\d{3}\b` | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN.NNN.NNN.NNN delimited by dot.    |
| `\b\d{2}-\d{3}-\d{3}-\d{3}\b`    | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN-NNN-NNN-NNN delimited by hyphen. |
| `\b\d{2} \d{3} \d{3} \d{3}\b`    | Matches a 11-digit number of the format NN NNN NNN NNN delimited by space.  |
| `\b\d{11}\b`                     | Matches a 11-digit number without a delimiter.                              |

---

**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you in VAT validation?**

**Lookuptax VAT validation** revolutionizes VAT number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify VAT numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.
