docs/how-to-verify/gst-singapore.md, before:

---
id: find-gst-singapore
title: How to verify GST Reg No in Singapore?
keywords: [Verify GST Reg No Singapore, Singapore, find GST Reg No Singapore, Check GST Reg No Singapore, GST Reg number,GST Reg No ]
sidebar_label: Singapore GST Reg No Number
description: Find out how to verify GST Reg Number in Singapore. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free validation of GST Reg Number in Singapore.
tags : 
  - GST Reg No
  - Singapore
---


## GST Reg number check on myTax Portal

GST Reg number search option is available for free on the Inland Revenue Authority Singapore myTax website. You can access the GST search [here](https://mytax.iras.gov.sg/ESVWeb/default.aspx?target=MGSTListingSearch). You can search on the iras website by the Business Name, UEN, GST Reg No, or NRIC. 


Example:201812927R

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/gst-singapore.PNG" alt="GST search on iras website" title="GST search on iras website"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">GST search on iras website</td></tr>
</table>

A successful verification of the GST on the mytax portal GST lookup tool will return the following details

* GST Reg No.
* UEN/ NRIC
* Name
* Status
* Registered From
* Registered To

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/gst-details-singapore.PNG" alt="Successful GST Verification on iras website" title="Successful GST Verification on iras website"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">Successful GST Verification</td></tr>
</table>

----
**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you in GST Reg No validation?**

**Lookuptax GST Reg No validation** revolutionizes GST Reg No number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify GST Reg No numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.

Commit message:

Refactor AlsoAvailable usage and update translations
Standardized the <AlsoAvailable> component usage across documentation by removing hardcoded hrefs and adding language props where appropriate. Updated and expanded Spanish translations for EIN, NIF, and VAT EU guides, and improved formatting and consistency in multiple 'how-to-verify' guides. Also removed a navigation item from docusaurus.config.js.

docs/how-to-verify/gst-singapore.md, after:

---
id: find-gst-singapore
title: How to verify GST Reg No in Singapore?
keywords:
  [
    Verify GST Reg No Singapore,
    Singapore,
    find GST Reg No Singapore,
    Check GST Reg No Singapore,
    GST Reg number,
    GST Reg No,
  ]
sidebar_label: Singapore GST Reg No Number
description: Find out how to verify GST Reg Number in Singapore. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free validation of GST Reg Number in Singapore.
tags:
  - GST Reg No
  - Singapore
---

import AlsoAvailable from "@site/src/components/AlsoAvailable";

<AlsoAvailable lang="zh-Hans" />

## GST Reg number check on myTax Portal

GST Reg number search option is available for free on the Inland Revenue Authority Singapore myTax website. You can access the GST search [here](https://mytax.iras.gov.sg/ESVWeb/default.aspx?target=MGSTListingSearch). You can search on the iras website by the Business Name, UEN, GST Reg No, or NRIC.

Example:201812927R

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/gst-singapore.PNG" alt="GST search on iras website" title="GST search on iras website"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">GST search on iras website</td></tr>
</table>

A successful verification of the GST on the mytax portal GST lookup tool will return the following details

- GST Reg No.
- UEN/ NRIC
- Name
- Status
- Registered From
- Registered To

<table align="center" border="0px" border-color="#dedede"><tr><td>
  <img src="/docs/img/verify/gst-details-singapore.PNG" alt="Successful GST Verification on iras website" title="Successful GST Verification on iras website"/>
  </td></tr>
  <tr><td align="center">Successful GST Verification</td></tr>
</table>

---

**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you in GST Reg No validation?**

**Lookuptax GST Reg No validation** revolutionizes GST Reg No number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify GST Reg No numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.
