docs/tax-identification-number/uruguay.md, before:

---
id: Uruguay-tax-id-guide
title: Uruguay RUT number guide
keywords: [TIN, RUT, Tax ID, Uruguay, Find RUT]
sidebar_label: Uruguay
description: Learn about RUT number in Uruguay. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free tax id validation in Uruguay and other 100+ countries
tags : 
  - Uruguay
  - RUT
---


## Registro Unico Tributario  – RUT
The “Registro Unico Tributario  (RUT)” is a tax identification number issued to entities (including companies, partnerships and subsidiaries) of relevance and to individuals for tax administration. 

### Format of the RUT number

RUT number consists of 12 digits.

Example:

<font color="green">12</font><font color="orange">345678</font><font color="red">001X</font> 



#### Breaking down the RUT number

12 — The first 2 digits indicate the registration number. 

345678 — The next 6 digits can be any random number from 000001 to 999999. They indicate the company's number

001X — The last 4 digits are always 001X where X is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous 11 digits.

## Foriegner's identification number – NIE

Example:

<font color="green">12345678</font><font color="red">X</font> 

#### Breaking down the NIE number

12 — The first 8 digits can be any random number from 00000001 to 99999999.

X — The last digit X is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous 8 digits.


----
**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you ?**

**Lookuptax Tax ID validation**  revolutionizes Tax ID number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly veRUTy Tax ID numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.

Commit message:

Add cross-language links to tax ID guides
Introduced the <AlsoAvailable> component to all country tax identification number documentation pages and their Spanish translations, enabling users to easily switch between English and Spanish versions. Improved the AlsoAvailable and SmartLocaleDropdown components for more robust locale detection and link generation.

docs/tax-identification-number/uruguay.md, after:

---
id: Uruguay-tax-id-guide
title: Uruguay RUT number guide
keywords: [TIN, RUT, Tax ID, Uruguay, Find RUT]
sidebar_label: Uruguay
description: Learn about RUT number in Uruguay. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free tax id validation in Uruguay and other 100+ countries
tags:
  - Uruguay
  - RUT
---

import AlsoAvailable from '@site/src/components/AlsoAvailable';

<AlsoAvailable lang="es" />

## Registro Unico Tributario – RUT

The “Registro Unico Tributario (RUT)” is a tax identification number issued to entities (including companies, partnerships and subsidiaries) of relevance and to individuals for tax administration.

### Format of the RUT number

RUT number consists of 12 digits.

Example:

<font color="green">12</font><font color="orange">345678</font><font color="red">001X</font>

#### Breaking down the RUT number

12 — The first 2 digits indicate the registration number.

345678 — The next 6 digits can be any random number from 000001 to 999999. They indicate the company's number

001X — The last 4 digits are always 001X where X is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous 11 digits.

## Foriegner's identification number – NIE

Example:

<font color="green">12345678</font><font color="red">X</font>

#### Breaking down the NIE number

12 — The first 8 digits can be any random number from 00000001 to 99999999.

X — The last digit X is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous 8 digits.

---

**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you ?**

**Lookuptax Tax ID validation** revolutionizes Tax ID number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly veRUTy Tax ID numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.
