docs/tax-identification-number/venezuela.md, before:

---
id: venezuela-tax-id-guide
title: Venezuela RIF number guide
keywords: [TIN, RIF, Tax ID, Venezuela, Find RIF]
sidebar_label: Venezuela
description: Learn about RIF number in Venezuela. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free tax id validation in Venezuela and other 100+ countries
tags : 
  - Venezuela
  - RIF
---


## Registro de Identificación Fiscal – RIF
The “Registro de Identificación Fiscal (RIF)” is a tax identification number issued to entities (including companies, partnerships and subsidiaries) of relevance and to individuals for tax administration. 

### Format of the RIF number

RIF number consists of 10 characters.

Example:

<font color="green">V</font>-<font color="orange">12345678</font>-<font color="red">0</font> 



#### Breaking down the RIF number

V — The first character of the RIF number is E,I,J or V

12345678 — The next 8 digits can be any random number from 00000001 to 99999999.

0 — The 10th digit is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous characters.

They are all separated by hyphens.

----
**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you ?**

**Lookuptax Tax ID validation**  revolutionizes Tax ID number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify Tax ID numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.

Commit message:

Add cross-language links to tax ID guides
Introduced the <AlsoAvailable> component to all country tax identification number documentation pages and their Spanish translations, enabling users to easily switch between English and Spanish versions. Improved the AlsoAvailable and SmartLocaleDropdown components for more robust locale detection and link generation.

docs/tax-identification-number/venezuela.md, after:

---
id: venezuela-tax-id-guide
title: Venezuela RIF number guide
keywords: [TIN, RIF, Tax ID, Venezuela, Find RIF]
sidebar_label: Venezuela
description: Learn about RIF number in Venezuela. Use Lookuptax for hassle-free tax id validation in Venezuela and other 100+ countries
tags:
  - Venezuela
  - RIF
---

import AlsoAvailable from '@site/src/components/AlsoAvailable';

<AlsoAvailable lang="es" />

## Registro de Identificación Fiscal – RIF

The “Registro de Identificación Fiscal (RIF)” is a tax identification number issued to entities (including companies, partnerships and subsidiaries) of relevance and to individuals for tax administration.

### Format of the RIF number

RIF number consists of 10 characters.

Example:

<font color="green">V</font>-<font color="orange">12345678</font>-<font color="red">0</font>

#### Breaking down the RIF number

V — The first character of the RIF number is E,I,J or V

12345678 — The next 8 digits can be any random number from 00000001 to 99999999.

0 — The 10th digit is the checksum that is calculated on the basis of the previous characters.

They are all separated by hyphens.

---

**How [Lookuptax](https://lookuptax.com/) can help you ?**

**Lookuptax Tax ID validation** revolutionizes Tax ID number validation with its robust platform, empowering businesses to seamlessly verify Tax ID numbers across over 100 countries. Our cutting-edge technology ensures accurate and efficient validation, reducing errors and enhancing compliance.
